1. Topic

	It's a fan page for taylor swift. It's intended to inform more people about taylor swift and get connected with the latest pics and videos about taylor swift. 

2. Customizations 

	It will have a circular menu at the bottom. Each page will use bootstrap customizations and maybe fontawesome icons for buttons. 

3. Design UI/UX, Content
	1. It will have 4 pages. The first page is the home page. It will be taylor swift's profile and 
	maybe links to her official social media pages. The 2nd page will list all her albums with a listing of tracks and awards that she's received. The 3rd page will be a listing of all her 
	videos and will allow you to search any videos related to her through youtube's data API. 
	The 4th page will be an image gallery and you will be able to search images by keyword.

	2. There are user inputs. These come from search words for the videos and images page. I don't think there needs to be validation. 


4.  JSON API 
	1. The JSON api is the youtube data api. I will be using the youtube's search.list items 
	to query video information. Then I will receive the video id, the thumbnail image reference, 
	the description, and title of the video. I will use the nextpage or prevpage token, to get 
	the next page of videos for the associated search term. 

	2. The custom parameter is the search term for the video which is passed into the 
	"q" parameter of the youtube request function. I can also maybe customize how many
	videos show per screen. 

	3. The api is relevant because it helps search for any youtube videos directly related to taylor swift and then watch them!!

5. JS/jQuery Plugin 
	I will be using a circular menu plugin to navigate through the pages. 
	I've always wanted to try out circular menus because they sould interesting to use. 
	The circular menu will make site look cooler. Also, I will be using angularjs to organize code and implement
	the MVC. 

6.

 The images and videos  will update based on the search term. The albums will also have 
 a bunch of accordions for the track listings. 

7. 
	I will be using JS Objects. The JS Objects will be album objects, and youtube video objects. 
	I will have an array of javascript objects when we query the videos. Also, we will call an array 
	of album objects and display them on the screen. We will also ahve an array of image objects for the 
	image gallery on the page. 

	I will be also using regexp. The regexp will be used to search for images. It's possible
	that we might have a database and I will be using regexp to do a php request of cells that 
	fit the "REGEXP searchterm".

	I will also being using angularjs which will add further difficulty to the project.   